Update Translating Message Formats page (#594)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/integration-tutorials/transforming-message-content.md

> 

Reviewer: In this tutorial, you send a request message to a back-end service where the format of the request payload is different to what is expected by the back-end service.  ->

In this tutorial, you will send a request message to a back-end service where the format of the request payload differs from what the back-end service expects.

### Step 1: Set up the workspace

{!includes/setting-up-workspace-for-mi-for-vscode.md!}

### Step 2: Develop the integration artifacts

> #### Create an Integration project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create an integration project
```

An Integration project is a maven multi module project, which will contain all the required modules for the integration solution.

{!includes/create-new-project.md!}

4. In the **Project Creation Form**, enter `SampleServices` as the **Project Name**.

5. Provide a location under **Select Project Directory**.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/transforming-message-content/create-new-project.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/transforming-message-content/create-new-project.png" alt="create new project" width="80%"></a>

6. Click **Create**.

Now let's start designing the integration by adding the necessary artifacts.

> #### Create new Endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create new endpoint
```

> An Endpoint artifact is required for the purpose of exposing the URL that connects to the back-end service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Endpoint artifact is required to expose the URL that connects to the back-end service.
```

5.  Click **Create**.

#### Create a REST API

1. Go to **MI Project Explorer** > **APIs**.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-rest-api/create-rest-api.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-rest-api/create-rest-api.png" alt="create new api" width="30%"></a>

2. Hover over **APIs** and click the **+** icon that appears to open the **API Form**.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/add-api.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/add-api.png" alt="add API" width="30%"></a>

3. Enter the details given below to create a new REST API.

    <table>
      <tr>
        <th>Property</th>
        <th>Value</th>
        <th>Description</th>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Name</td>
        <td><code>HealthcareAPI</code></td>
        <td>
          The name of the REST API.
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Context</td>
        <td><code>/healthcare </code></td>
        <td>

>           Here you are anchoring the API in the <code>/healthcare </code> context. This will become part of the name of the generated URL used by the client when sending requests to the Healthcare service. For example, setting the context to /healthcare means that the API will only handle HTTP requests where the URL path starts with <code>http://host:port/healthcare<code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Here you are anchoring the API in the <code>/healthcare </code> context. This will be included in the name of the generated URL that the client uses to send requests to the Healthcare service. For example, setting the context to /healthcare means that the API will only handle HTTP requests where the URL path starts with <code>http://host:port/healthcare<code>.
```

        <td>Methods</td>
        <td>
          <code>POST</code> <br> This defines that the API resource only handles requests where the HTTP method is POST.
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/transforming-message-content/edit-api-resource.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/transforming-message-content/edit-api-resource.png" alt="edit API resource" width="40%"></a>

8. Click **Update**.

#### Create the mediation logic

Let's configure the API resource with the data transformation logic.

1. To get started, click on the **+** icon to add the first mediator to the sequence.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/transforming-message-content/add-property.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/transforming-message-content/add-property.png" alt="add property" width="80%"></a>

2. Select **Property** mediator.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/transforming-message-content/property-mediator.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/transforming-message-content/property-mediator.png" alt="property mediator" width="30%"></a>

    !!! Info

>         This is used to extract the hospital name that is sent in the request payload. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This is used to extract the hospital name from the request payload. 
```

      "appointment_date": "2025-04-02"
    }
    ```

9. Now, you can draw the mapping by clicking the values in the **Input** box to the relevant values in the **Output** box.  

    The completed mapping will look as follows:

    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/transforming-message-content/mapping-data-input-output.png">

10. Save and close the configuration. Go back to **HealthcareAPI** resource.

11.  Open API resource. Add a **Call mediator** next to Data mapper from the **Mediators** palette and select the `HospitalServicesEP` endpoint from the dropdown list. Click **Submit**.

      <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/transforming-message-content/add-call-mediator-for-transformation.png">

12. Add a **Respond mediator** next to the **Call mediator** to return the response from the health care service back to the client. Click **Submit**.

      <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/transforming-message-content/add-respond-mediator-for-transformation.png">
    
18. Save the REST API configuration.

> You have successfully created all the artifacts that are required for this use case. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have successfully created all the artifacts required for this use case.
```

### Step 3: Build and run the artifacts

{!includes/build-and-run-artifacts.md!}

### Step 4: Test the use case

> 

Reviewer: Open a terminal, navigate to the location where your saved the back-end service. ->

Open a terminal, navigate to the location where you have saved the back-end service.

Reviewer: Add the request information as given below and click the <b>Send</b> button.
->

 Add the request information as shown below and click the <b>Send</b> button.

Reviewer: There is still content which has integration studio.

Let's send a request to the API resource to make a reservation. You can use the embedded <b>HTTP Client</b> of WSO2 Integration Studio as follows:

Reviewer: Please check for grammar in the entire page

Reviewer: This JSON payload contains details of the appointment reservation, which includes patient details, doctor, hospital, and `data of appointment`.

Please correct this too.

Author: > There is still content which has integration studio.
> 
> Let's send a request to the API resource to make a reservation. You can use the embedded HTTP Client of WSO2 Integration Studio as follows:

for this should change it to "Micro Integrator extension" or remove the entire part of the embedded HTTP client because the below explains how to send HTTP requests using Postman.

> You will see the following response received to your <b>HTTP Client</b>:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will see the following response received by your <b>HTTP Client</b>:
```
